TBS OKTA-488936 Updates language in release notes (#3317)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/customize-tokens-static/main/index.md

---

> title: Customize tokens returned from Okta with a static allowlist

Author: ```suggestion
title: Customize tokens returned from Okta with a static allow list
```

---

> ## About the static allowlist

Author: ```suggestion
## About the static allow list
```

5. To check the returned ID token or access token payload, you can copy the value and paste it into any JWT decoder (for example: <https://token.dev>). Using a JWT decoder, confirm that the token contains all of the claims that you are expecting, including the custom one. If you specified a nonce, that is also included.

> ## Add a Groups claim with a static allowlist

Author: ```suggestion
## Add a Groups claim with a static allow list
```

}
```

To use the group allowlist for every client that gets this claim in a token, put the attribute name of the allowlist in the first parameter of the `getFilteredGroups` function described in the [next section](#use-a-static-group-allow-list-with-the-org-authorization-server).

> **Note:** The following **Use group functions for static group allowlists** section goes into more detail on using group functions with static group allowlists. To continue with creating a Groups claim with a static allowlist, [next section](#use-a-static-group-allow-list-with-the-org-authorization-server).

> #### Use group functions for static group allowlists

Author: ```suggestion
#### Use group functions for static group allow lists
```

  * Integer between 1 and 100, inclusive. For example: `50`
  * Okta EL expression that contains a condition that evaluates to an integer: `app.profile.maxLimit < 100 ? app.profile.maxLimit : 100`. If the maximum group limit in the profile is less than 100, return that number of Groups. Otherwise, return a maximum of 100 Groups. If there are more Groups returned than the specified limit, an error is returned.

> ## Use a static group allowlist with the Org Authorization Server

Reviewer: Referenced in conductor.yml and another file

> ## Use a static group allowlist with the Org Authorization Server

Author: ```suggestion
## Use a static group allow list with the Org Authorization Server
```

The ID token contains the group "IT", so the audience (`aud`) has access to the group information about the user.

> **Note:** For flows other than implicit, post to the token endpoint `https://${yourOktaDomain}/oauth2/v1/token` with the user or client that you want. Make sure that the user is assigned to the app and to one of the Groups from your allow list.
> **Note:** For flows other than implicit, post to the token endpoint `https://${yourOktaDomain}/oauth2/v1/token` with the user or client that you want. Make sure that the user is assigned to the app and to one of the Groups from your allowlist.

If the results aren't as expected, start your troubleshooting by inspecting the [System Log](/docs/reference/api/system-log/) to see what went wrong.

> ## Use a static group allow list with a Custom Authorization Server

Reviewer: Referenced in other areas.

> ## Use a static group allowlist with a Custom Authorization Server

Author: ```suggestion
## Use a static group allow list with a Custom Authorization Server
```
